hello Wow
that is super cool metis open home door
that's pretty cool right there brother
what else opens up there we could tip it
whoa that's pretty cool
okay for you very nice
so what do you what is that what have
you done to the to the vehicle to
customize it going back to me and
talking yeah let me get to get the
vehicle in here because this is really
super what it what is what is the model
what is a Ford Expedition 24 from 94 and
you've got the Lamborghini doors on it
bamboo door it's a show car sponsored by
deja vu
trip going you probably know right right
got all web right there
and look at the rims on that thing 26 26
inch rims yeah that is really nice your
brother when you come down the beach you
never know what you're going to see but
this is one tricked-out tricked-out
vehicle right here what's your name Jake
Jake kick tik tik nice ride brother all
we need is just objected here hey you
know what being it's sponsored by deja
vu that's the easy part
somebody will bring some strippers out
here hey any time you're ready brother I
guarantee we can get some shots with
them huh let me give you one of my cards
and I will post this on SoCal beaches
magazine page on YouTube oh yeah ray
that's awesome take have a great
afternoon brother yeah
that's custom right there get ready to
do our photo shoot
rap
shoo
he's on the Ruby very nice
okay we're ready now to do another photo
shoot thanks brother have a great day